1) How did viewing a diff between two versions help you spot the bug?
A1) It helps because it shows you the changes between the two versions so you can see which change in the code is causing the bug.

2) How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
A2) I  can go back to previous versions of the files I create to see where I went wrong
or techniques/code that I want to use or to avoid mistakes I made in the past.

3) What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
A3) The pros of manually committing are that you add a comment so you add a logical reason for the change so you can
know exactly what changed and why. Forces you to remember to commit. Cons are that you must do it manually so you can
forget also maybe have a confusing commit history if you follow improper logic.

With automatic saving, you don't have to worry about forgetting to save but at the same time your commits might be 
space weirdly, at bad times, or just don't make any sense.

4) Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A4) With Git you're often working with a repository of interconnected files, with google docs, that is 
rarely the case.

5) How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
A5) git log shows you all the different commits you did and versions of the files. git diff shows you di
fference between two files.

6) How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
A6) I could always go back to an older commit that wasn't broken after making a change.

7) Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
A7) I want to create my repository for any future projects that I  work on and use the most
industry standard way of version control.